it's been crazy numbers that's that's
been thrown at me of course uh nine
figures um you know I've been had money
thrown at me from so many different
countries I mean as of right now um I'm
loyal to the MGM Grand they have treated
me extremely well I'm very very blessed
to be in this position I've made tons of
money and I made smart Investments if I
get the itch to come back it really
won't be for the money but I have to get
paid you know that's why the nickname is
you know Floyd money maywe so there is
so you're not ruling it out completely
maybe um as of right now I'm out
completely people watching this will be
asking you know the Manny Pacquiao
question um uh Michael K his business
manager said recently that they'd made
um some contact with maywe the
promotions about the possibility of
maybe facing you again if you decide to
come out to retirement um what's the
clarify what what that situation is
everything that you guys are hearing
uh that Michael KH had said and what Bob
Aram has said is totally false totally
false um I haven't spoke I haven't
spoken to Bob arum I haven't spoken
spoken to Michael KH as far as people
keep talking
about uh Mayweather promotions um I
dictate and control what goes on with it
you know you know with Mayweather
promotions uh lonard Elby is the CEO but
everything has to go through me um and I
have to put the green light on on any
and everything but you're on this
Victory to uh for people who come to see
you it's an opportunity obviously to see
the best pound-for-pound fighter in the
world for you personally what do you
want to get out of the experience um I
wouldn't really want to say you know the
best power for pound fighter in the
world cuz you know I'm no longer active
you know I would like to say you know
the best ever you know it's not being
cocky or arrogant it's just uh the proof
is in the put and I've I think I've I've
earned the right you know to call myself
TBE and um I lived up I've lived up to
the name TBE by going out there day in
and day out when I was active
in uh winning you know everyone that was
put in front of me but have have I ever
talk took a loss before yes in life when
you lose a loved one that's taking a
loss um when your children hurt that's a
loss um when you're sick that's a loss
but you
know I got to where I got
to from a lot of hard
work um a very very strong team a very
smart team that stood behind
me